here it means that the wall opening
is going to see how fast the deviation
is happening see rate of deviation that
means how fast
the deviation is happening so it is
predictive in nature
on the basis of this prediction
this wall will continue to open more
than what the p action would have done
it is anticipating a big drop in level
the outcome of this derivative action
is that
the stability point
with or without offset is achieved
quickly
so we can also
think it like this you see here let us
go back to
this particular example
now i have i'm go back going back to 200
liters
and somebody has
opened 300 liters the control system is
seeing that oh
the level has started falling is the
control system measuring that is looking
the rate of fall of the